Project Proposal for CSCD 350 Summer 2024
HealthConnect - Hospital Management System
1.0.0
 
2: SWOOPS

Submitted By
JACOB LUCAS   jlucas18@gmail.com
KATRINA MOUA   kmoua9@ewu.edu
BEN GALES   bgales@ewu.edu
JOHN MONTEJO   j2montejo@gmail.com
 
Instructor:   	Sanmeet Kaur
Date:   7/8/2024

  
Table of Contents
Part 1: User Stories	2
Part 2: Use Case Diagrams	4
Part 3: Requirements and Specifications	5
Part 4: Glossary	7


Part 1: User Stories
As a Doctor, I want to access patient records so that I can assess their conditions accurately.
As a Doctor, I want to have my own profile so that users can see my work experience.
As a Doctor, I want to message patients so that they can see their diagnoses in a secure and private way.

As a Patient, I want to have my own profile so that I can access my medical history within Swoops HealthConnect.
As a Patient, I want to view my appointment history so that I know my past appointments in the Swoops HealthConnect system. 
As a Patient, I want to view my appointment details so that I know my medical history for each corresponding appointment. 
As a Patient, I want to book/cancel an appointment so that I can meet or not meet a doctor. 
As a Patient, I want to message a Doctor so that I can communicate with a doctor outside of an appointment. 

As a Nurse, I want to tend to patients by administering medicine, performing tests, or providing general care so that the patient is cared for.
As a Nurse, I want to record/update medical history so that the patient’s information is up to date for the Doctor to view.
As a Nurse, I want to view my shift schedule so that I know when I’m working.
As a Nurse, I want to communicate with doctors so that I can know which patients to tend to.
As a Nurse, I want to communicate with administrators so that I can schedule time off.

As an Admin, I need full access to the management system, so that I can perform administrative duties and correct records.
As an Admin, I want to view the medicine inventory so that I can order medicine when necessary. 
As an admin, I want to add items to inventory so that system and physical inventory are updated.
As an admin, I want to login into the software system so that I may perform administrative functions.
As an admin, I want access to read patient information so that I may validate patient records.
As an admin, I want access to write patient information so that I may enter delete/update patient information.
As an admin, I want to enter new patient objects, so that new patient data is added to the system by an authorized user.
As an admin, I want to send messages to all other users in the system.
As an admin, I want to receive messages from all other users in the system.


Part 2: Use Case Diagrams


Part 3: Requirements and Specifications
Requirement: There shall be a feature that allows Doctors to view the medical history of each patient in the system.
Specification: Medical history will only be viewable by certain medical staff.

Requirement: There shall be a feature that allows Doctors to order inventory for patients.
Specification: Doctors can submit prescription refill forms for patients.

Requirement: There shall be a feature that allows Patients to view their patient history and their appointment details for each upcoming and past appointments. 
Specification: Limited personal medical history will be viewable by the Patient. 

Requirement: There shall be a feature that allows Patients to book or cancel an appointment with a doctor.
Specification: The patient can see the available dates to see a doctor and can cancel their appointment.

Requirement: There shall be a feature that allows Nurses to view their shift schedule. 
Specification: All HealthConnect staff will be able to view all staffs’ schedules.

Requirement: There shall be a feature that allows Admin to view medicine inventory.
Specification: The medicine inventory is only viewable by Admin and Nurses. 

Requirement: There will be a messaging feature where patients can send messages to doctors and patients can receive lab results.
Specification: Messages can be written and read when logged in.

  
Part 4: Glossary
appointment details: a record of a patient’s general checkup, lab work (if any), diagnosis, prescriptions, etc.
medical history: a patient’s past appointments and appointment details that are recorded in HealthConnect
medicine inventory: the current stock of prescription medicine in the hospital 
shift schedule: the hours that a staff member is working, including their breaks
validate: the act of authenticating patient records prior to publication 























